hey guys um I deleted the last two
videos I upload it because they were a
bit of necessary so as a sort of peace
offering I'm going to do another tip
video on keeping your lips black and
keeping them perfectly black even
through eating and drinking and whatnot
first of all my biggest tip to start
with and probably the most fundamental
one is do not use black lipstick if you
plan on keeping your lips black all day
I think y'all ready put it away but I
just did a review on make up for ever's
black lipstick that they put out and it
I had it on for less than an hour and
most of it had come off so black
lipstick tends to be way too fluid I
don't know how to put it but it's too
wet and it comes off it doesn't dry it
doesn't stay put so tip number one
always moisturize your lips while you're
doing the rest of your makeup put all of
your makeup on and keep something on
your lips chapstick Vaseline if you have
lip conditioner use that but make sure
that your lips are moisturize before you
put anything on them I also use a primer
for my lips that I actually use for my
eyeshadow with some urban decay's Eden
primer it's actually it has concealer in
it as well so I blend it all over my
mouth and then I put my my color on one
thing I would not recommend something
else that I actually thought was he to
be a phenomenal product for black lips
but ended up not being quite so it's
something that I actually really love
for everything else might put out a line
of grease paint sticks which are exactly
what they sound like this is slick black
it is amazing if I can show you that
stuff is awesome I'd be lost without
this
I think I see too well but it's
blendable that I can turn my wrist that
way it's blendable and it is pitch black
perfectly blood like this is the
blackest anything I own the problem is
is when you put it in their lips and
because you move your lips a lot it
actually starts to peel which I thought
was really strange because i was using
this for a while for my lips but it
actually peels off and you'll be left
with a very unattractive inner lid like
i have now like this stuff where it's
starting to come off but not quite this
does that very quickly so this even
though it seems like a good idea does
not actually work all too well the thing
that I use every day is I use a good
black pencil liner which I would see
where love to show you the brand mine is
but mine is a nub I need to buy a new
one this is prestige black I already
know if there's a shade to it but it's
um I just a black pencil liner I love
prestige has their liner tends to stick
and stay I color my entire lipid with
black liner um and then I play shadow
over it you can skip that step and not
put try to over and you should be fine
but I use Mac's carbon over top of it
and for touch-ups which is something i
don't think anyone ever really talks
about is touch-ups goth makeup usually
needs quite a bit of touching up
throughout the day especially if you
wear it all day i use a little flat
round brush and just dry shadow
and it touches it up surprisingly well
see especially if you're wearing
lipstick pay attention because sometimes
you'll get lines and not realize that
they're there and you'll be missing a
huge chunk of your lipstick and look
really silly yeah I could probably fix
it better if I had a mirror but I don't
but playing dry shadow with a brush you
could even use a q-tip or your finger
what have you and it would work just as
well now if you have something more
definite like pointed super sharp shape
that you want to keep and you don't have
time for touch-ups and whatnot I'm not
too sure how long does it last and how
well it'll work in the long run but
something I do occasionally if I'm
trying to keep something super pointed
it'll use liquid liner I have known
other people who have used liquid liner
for their lips and it just worked out
immensely well and I'm betting that it
has a lot to do with the quality of your
liquid liner my liquid liners
because I almost never use it this is
what in wilds h2o proof liquid liner it
was like four dollars I think it's
really good for everything like small
details and whatnot and it's super black
and it's not too shiny and it doesn't
peel off it stays put so this probably
would work pretty well for your lips so
if you want you can give liquid liner
shop but my favorite and the most
long-lasting way to keep your lips is
pencil liner and I've shadow because if
you look nothing on my hands and a
residue and I should be able to keep
this on my mouth for a couple of hours
even with like drinking at Cannes and
eating and everything and my lips should
stay exactly how they are so let's recap
lipstick generally bad idea black
lipsticks are hard to find any ways that
are actually good lipsticks will require
a lot more retouching than anything else
pencil liner I've shadow the most
durable foolproof way to fill in your
lips with any color and will likely last
you the longest and especially in heat
liquid liner can work for those harder
to keep shapes and for shorter periods
of time
I'm not grease paint stick it just peels
off so I hope this made up for the last
couple of videos in their lack of
quality if you guys have any questions
send them my way and I'll see what I can
do